prepare release 9.1.0 (#1044)
exasol/script-languages-release: flavors/README.md

- template-Exasol-all-python-3.10-conda
  - Base Image: ubuntu:22.04
  - Compatible Exasol Versions: 8.\*,7.1.\*, 7.0.\*
  - Available languages: Python 3.10
  - Supported Package Manager: conda, pip
  - [Here](template-Exasol-all-python-3.10-conda/FLAVOR_DESCRIPTION.md) you can find more details about the flavor, such as the provided packages.

### template-Exasol-8-python-3.10-cuda-conda

> The template-Exasol-8-python-3.10-cuda-conda flavor provides the language Python 3.10 with NVIDIA GPU support and with only absolute necessary packages. The flavor contains the Cuda-SDK and is prepared to work with the Nvidia-Drivers, which however need to be provided by the Host OS. This allows very simple customization because you control almost all dependencies. In contrast to template-Exasol-all-python-3.10, it also allows the installation of conda packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template-Exasol-8-python-3.10-cuda-conda flavor provides the language Python 3.10 with NVIDIA GPU support and with only absolute necessary packages. The flavor contains the Cuda-SDK and is prepared to work with the Nvidia-Driver, which however needs to be provided by the Host OS. This allows very simple customization because you control almost all dependencies. In contrast to template-Exasol-all-python-3.10, it also allows the installation of conda packages.
```

- template-Exasol-all-r-4
  - Base Image: ubuntu:22.04
  - Compatible Exasol Versions: 8.\*, 7.1.\*
  - Available languages: R 4.4
  - [Here](template-Exasol-all-r-4/FLAVOR_DESCRIPTION.md) you can find more details about the flavor, such as the provided packages.

### test-Exasol-8-cuda-ml

> The Cuda-ML flavor contains the Cuda-SDK and is prepared to work with the Nvidia-Drivers, which however need to be provided by the Host OS. It also includes two ML packages for testing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Test-Cuda-ML flavor contains the Cuda-SDK and is prepared to work with the Nvidia-Driver, which however needs to be provided by the Host OS. It also includes PyTorch and Numba  for testing:
```
